[docs] clarify where Node install is required when using bun (#35798)
expo/expo: docs/pages/guides/using-bun.mdx

## Prerequisites

> > While Bun replaces Node.js for most uses in your project, at this time, a [Node.js LTS version](https://nodejs.org/) is still required to be installed for the `bun create expo` and `bun expo prebuild` commands, as those commands use `npm pack` to download project templates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** While Bun replaces Node.js for most use cases in your project, at this time, a [Node.js LTS version](https://nodejs.org/) is still required to be installed for the `bun create expo` and `bun expo prebuild` commands. These commands use `npm pack` to download project templates.
```

This is a very long sentence and a bit hard to read. Let's break it down.
